So therefore here in app, I'll start by adding an init method and I'll turn it into a static method
because we'll only call this once basically like this, so that I call init right
when this script parses and executes for the first time and in init, we could now add the logic to parse
the different items but actually I created this project list class, right?
So if you think about it, it would make sense that it's a task of the project list class or of an instance
created based on the class to parse its content and find out which projects belong to that list. So we
can create two instances of this list class, one for each box and then we tell it to which box with which
ID it is connected so that the list itself can do the parsing.
So let's go to the project list then and continue there before we go back to app init.
In the project list, we can add a constructor because my goal is to create two project lists here in init,
in the app class because we have two project boxes, two lists of projects
and then when such a project list is constructed, when it is instantiated, that project list should get
all the information it needs, for example whether it's for the active or finished projects and then parse
all the related projects.
So here in project list, it would make sense to expect the type of project list in the constructor because
we have two types,
we have basically the active projects with this ID here and we have the finished projects with this
ID on the surrounding section.
So therefore, here in init in app, we could create an active projects list with new project list where
we instantiate this and as a type parameter, here we could parse in active and then we repeat this process
for the finished projects list where we parse in finished. So active and finished and I actually chose
words which we find in the exact same way in the HTML file, finished,
this part here and active. Thereafter we always have -projects but that's the same for both boxes,
only the identifier at the beginning, active and finished, differs.
So now with that information passed into project list, here in the constructor, we can start reaching
out to the items that are part of that list.
So here we can add our project items constant for example and then use document query selector all,
all to get a list of items and not just the first matching item, where we then can use a template expression
here to define a string, our query string and there I want to look for a certain ID and that ID and
that's why I'm using the back ticks here and that template literal, that ID will take my type into
account because I am looking for my sections here with the ID finished projects or active projects.
So here we can inject or interpolate, however you want to call it, type-projects so that this type
thing is dynamic and then not just all these sections but actually I'm interested in the items in there,
so I'm interested in the list items.
So this is my CSS selector for all list items in the sections with these IDs.
Now if we quickly console log project items, just to verify whether we're on the right path and then
save this and go back and reload here, we should see two node lists, one with two list items,
that's the first box, the active projects and one with one list item and that's that last box here,
the finished projects.
So that's a solid start,
now we have access to these items in the DOM,
now we can read information from these DOM nodes and actually there's one piece of information I'm interested
in and that's the ID.
So let's continue with that now.